The first configuration option that many developers want to set on their consumers,
is the topic which they wish to subscribe to.
Abstractly, you may be able to think of this the same
way you would subscribe to types of content in real life.
Sometimes you will subscribe to something
specific like a particular magazine or podcasts,
other times you may want to subscribe to a group of
related things like a series of magazines or group of podcasts.
Kafka supports both of these models of subscription for topics.
If you know the full name of the topic,
you simply specify it to your client library,
and Kafka will send you the data for that topic.
This is an example of a specific topic name; com.
udacity. lesson2. quiz. results. What's really cool though,
is that if you have more than one topic with a shared naming conventions,
let's say we had com.
udacity. lesson2. quiz. results, com.
udacity. lesson2. quiz. opened, you can use regular expressions to subscribe to topics.
So you can receive events from two topics at once.
See the accompanying notes for this section,
for examples of what the syntax looks like.
But on the screen, you can see a quick example.
Each one of these regular expressions will always start
with this little carrot icon up here at the top,
and end with some other regular expression syntax.
Regular expression syntax can also be interspersed
within the rest of the text. But this would match com.
udacity. lesson2. anything coming after lesson2.
So if we had five topics that match that,
you would be subscribed to all five of those topics.